Resources added for CaddyServer (#1191)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/101-backend/content/122-web-servers/102-caddy.md

# Caddy

> Is a small but very powerful Web-Server. It has some really nice features like automatic SSL / HTTPs and a really easy configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Caddy web server is an extensible, cross-platform, open-source web server written in Go. It has some really nice features like automatic SSL/HTTPs and a really easy configuration file.
```
